12.1 Contacr Person. At the time of execution of the Agreement, each party shall designate, in writing, a Contact Person to serve until the expiration of the Agreement or the designation of a substitute Contacr Person. During the term of the Agreement, each Contact Person shall be available to meet, as otherwise mutuailly agreed, to plan the services being provided under the Agreement.  

SEC1MON 13. CONIRACT ADMIN IS TRA 1 ION.  

13. 1 Amendments.  The Agreement may be amended in writing from time to time by mutual consent of the parries. All amendments to the Agreement must be fuilly executed by the parties.  

13.2 Third Party Beneficiaries. There are no third party beneficiaries to the Agreement. The Agreement is intended only to benefit ABD and the Department.  

13.3 Choice of Law and Forum. The terms and provisions of the Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Stare of Iowa. Any and all litigation or actions commenced in connection with the Agreement shall be brought in Des Moines, Iowa, in Polk County District Court for the State of Iowa. This provision shall not be construed as waiving any immuniry to suit or liability that may be available to the State of Iowa, ABD or the Department.  

13.4 Assignment and Delegation. The Agreement may not be assigned, transferred or conveyed in whole or in part without the prior written consent of the other party.  

13.5 Integration.  The Agreement represents the entire Agreement between the parties and neither party is relying on any representation that may have been made which is not included in thhe Agreement.  

13.6 Headings or Captions. The paragraph headings or captions are for identification purposes only and do not limit nor construe the contents of the paragraphs.  

13.7 Not a Joint Venrure. Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as creating or constituting the relationship of a partnership, joint venture, association of any kind or agent and principal relationship between the parties. Each party shall be deemed an independent contractor acting toward the expected mutual benefits. No party, unless otherwise specifically provided for herein, has the authority to enter into any contract or create an obligation or liability on behalf of, in the name of, or binding upon the other party to the Agreement.  

13.8 Supersedes Former Agreements. The Agreement supersedes all prior Agreements between ABD and the Department for the services provided in connection with the Agreement.  

13.9 Waiver. Except as specifically provided for in a waiver signed by duly authorized representatives of ABD and the Department, failure by any party at any time to require performance by the other party or to claim a breach ot any provision of the  