10.2 Termination for Cause. The occurrence of any one or more of rhe following evenrs shall constitute cause for any party to declare another party in default of its obligations under the Agreemenr:  

10.2.1 Failure to observe and perform any covenant, condition or obligation created by the Agreement; 10.2.2 Failure to make substantial and timely progress roward performance of the Agreement; 10.2.3 Failure of the party's work product and services to conform with any specifications noted herein; 10.2.4 Infringement of any patent, trademark, copyright, trade dress or any other intellectual property right.  

10.3 Notice of Default. If there occurs a default event under Section 10.2, the nondefaulting party shall provide written notice to the defauiting party requesting that the breach or noncompliance be immediately remedied. In the event that the breach or noncompliance continues to be evidenced ten days beyond the date specified in the written notice, the non-defaulting party may either:  

10.3.1 Immediately terminate the Agreement without additional written notice; or. 10.3.2 Enforce the terms and conditions of the Agreement and seek any available legal or eqlitable remedies. In either event, the non-defauiting party may seek damages as a result of the breach or failure to comply with the terms of the Agreement.  

# SECTION 11. 1 NDE MN IF ICA I 1 ON.  

1 1.1 By ABD. Consistenr with Article VIl, Section 1 of the Iowa Constitution and Iowa Code Chapter 669, ABD agrees to defend and indemnify the Department and hold it harmiess against any and all liabilities, damages, settlements, judgments, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees of counsel required to defend the Department, related to or arising out of ABD's negligent or wrongfui acts or omissions in the performance of the Agreement.  

11.2 By the Department.Consistent with Article Vll, Section 1 of the Iowa Constitution and Iowa Code Chapter 670, the Department agrees to defend and indemnify and hold the State of Iowa and ABD harmless from any and all liabilities, damages, set tie men rs, judgments, costs and expenses, including reasonable govern men ral attorney's fees and the costs and expenses of attorney fees of other counsel required to defend the ABD, related to or arising fromanyneg igent or wrongful acts or omissions of the Department in the performance of this Agreemenr.  