for  audit or performance evaluation to  meet reporring requirements established by the Iowa Legislature or by the Office of the Governor of Iowa.  

5.1.9 Communiry Partnership. The Department shall fully cooperate with, and be an active participant in, their local tobacco community partnership. Community partnerships are charged with reducing tobacco use by youth and pregnant women, as well as working to promote compliance by minors and retailers with tobacco sales laws and ordinances. If a local community o art ner ship does not exisr at the time the Agreemenr is executed, the Department shall become an active participant within thirty (30) days of the establishment of a local community partnership  

5.1.10 Miscellaneous. The Department shall be responsible for the day-to-day administration of their tobacco enforcement activities. The Department shall provide all office space, equipment and personnel necessary to conduct tobacco enforcement activities under the Agreement.  The Department is solely responsible  for the selection, hiring. disciplining. firing and compensation of its officers.  

# 5.2 Responsibilities of the ABD  

5.2.1  Enforcement Guidance.  The ABD shall provide guidance on tobacco enforcement to the Department, if needed, and cooperate with the Department in the performance of the Agreement.  

5.2.2 Payment. The ABD shall pay the Department in the manner described in Section 6.  

5.2.3 Cooperation. If ABD believes that any officer of the Departmenr fails to perform duties in a manner that is consistent with the Agreement, the ABD shall notify the Department. The Department shall then take such action as necessary to investigate and, if appropriate, discipline or reassign the officer away from tobacco enforcement activities. The ABD shall have no authority to discipline or reassign an officer, except that the ABD shall have the authority to stipulate that a particular officer not be assigned to provide services under the Agreement.  

5.2.4 Insurance, Benefits and Compensation. The ABD shall not provide for, nor pay, any empioyment costs of the Department's officers including, but not limited to, worker's compensation, unemployment insurance, health insurance, life insurance and any other benefits or compensation, nor make any payroll payments with respect to the Department's officers. The ABD shall have no liability whatsoever for all such employment costs or other expenses relating to, or for the benefit of, the Department's officers.  